[IMP] upgrade: update and improve the upgrade processes and information (#1509)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/upgrade/faq.rst

.. note:: |assistance-contact|

.. _upgrade-faq/upgrade-or-migration:

Upgrade or Migration
====================

> An upgrade is switching to a newer version of Odoo while a migration reflects the change of
> :ref:`editions <upgrade-faq/editions-change>` or change of
> :ref:`hosting type <upgrade-faq/hosting-types-switch>`.

Reviewer: - Line break
- comma
```suggestion
An upgrade is switching to a newer version of Odoo, while a migration reflects the change of
:ref:`editions <upgrade-faq/editions-change>` or change of:ref:`hosting type 
<upgrade-faq/hosting-types-switch>`.
```

The upgrade always returns an Enterprise edition of Odoo, whether the database you sent was a
community or enterprise edition. It is required to have an enterprise subscription to upgrade.

If you need assistance on this matter,  please contact us via the `Odoo Support page

> <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this still be a note?

> <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this still be a note?

.. _upgrade-faq/release-notes:

The Upgrade Report
==================

When an upgrade request completes successfully (test or production), you receive an email
notification about it that includes an 'Upgrade Report'. This report is also sent to you via the

> Discuss app.

Reviewer: - to the line (line 128) is to write a new paragraph? Then add a blank line between the paragraphs
```suggestion
Discuss app.

```

> It contains valuable information regarding changes that occurred during the upgrade. While it may
> serve as a guide to possible issues to look out for, it is not an exhaustive list. It remains
> imperative that you test the upgraded database thoroughly and report any discrepancies you might
> find, before you decide to upgrade your production instance.

Reviewer: - instance -> database
```suggestion
It contains valuable information regarding changes that occurred during the upgrade. While it
serves as a guide to possible issues to look out for, it is not an exhaustive list. It remains
imperative that you test the upgraded database thoroughly and report any discrepancies you might
find before you decide to upgrade your production database.
```

are permanently deleted following that period.

You can learn more about privacy and data handling at Odoo by visiting our `General Data Protection
Regulation page <https://www.odoo.com/gdpr>`_.

Rolling Release (applicable to Odoo Online databases)
=====================================================

> This feature allows customers to upgrade their database directly from a message prompt sent to the
> database administrator as soon as the new version is released. Odoo first tests the upgrade to the
> next version and only if it successfully completes the automated process and subsequent tests, is
> the rolling release upgrade option displayed. The message offers two options :

Reviewer: - split long sentences that may become difficult to read
- no space before `:`
```suggestion
This feature allows customers to upgrade their database directly from a message prompt sent to the
database administrator as soon as the new version is released. Odoo first tests the upgrade to the
next version. The rolling release upgrade option is displayed if the automated tests are successful.
The message offers two options:
```

> #. To 'Upgrade Now', which immediately triggers the upgrade of your live production database
> 

Reviewer: - full stop
- no need to add a blank line here
```suggestion
#. To 'Upgrade Now', which immediately triggers the upgrade of your live production database.
```

> #. To take you to your `database manager <https://www.odoo.com/my/databases/>`_ where you can
>    request an upgraded test database (see instructions `here <https://upgrade.odoo.com/#online/>`_).
>    This allows you to first check the upgraded test database for any discrepancies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To take you to your `database manager <https://www.odoo.com/my/databases/>`_ where you can
   `request an upgraded test database <https://upgrade.odoo.com/#online/>`_ and check the upgraded
   test database for any discrepancies.
```

> When you choose to directly proceed with the production upgrade, make sure all users have saved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you choose to proceed with the production upgrade directly, make sure all users have saved
```

> their work and are logged out. The upgrade takes approximately 15 minutes. During this time your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their work and are logged out. The upgrade takes approximately 15 minutes. During this time, your
```

database is unreachable. If you notice any problem after the upgrade, please report it via the `Odoo
Support page <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

.. note::

>    If you are using the Website or Studio app, we recommend you to always do a test upgrade before
>    upgrading your production instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you are using the Website or Studio app, we recommend you always do a test upgrade before
   upgrading your production instance.
```
